While taking a shower in the downstairs bathroom of my mother's house (which is the house I lived in from the year 1992 to 2016) and during an evening when I appeared to be the only human in that house and while it was cold, overcast, and moderately windy outside, I drew a snail on the fogged up glass shower door with my finger of a snail (perhaps as an "omen" signifying my "need" to "keep up with (pre) modern times" by continuing to drive the blue Toyota (gasoline powered) matrix which is currently parked in the driveway of that house). I also recorded an uploaded (to Instagram) a ~3 minute video of me playing a nice abolone shell Ovation acoustic guitar (which belongs to that house (and I have my own ~$100 black BCP guitar at my room in my dad's house on the other side of Castro Valley (and my mom's house where I played the Ovation was on the northwest side of Castro Valley near the border of San Leandro which overlooks the Bay Area while my dad's house is located on the northeast corner on the border of Ramage wilderness))).

I heard making electronic backing up signals in the driveway and thought it was my dad's house. I was about to go down there to politely ask my dad to not come come over for the next few hours because I am currently in the middle of a recording session for some project. (I thought that would be a great idea: having some kind of shared calendar which allows various people to "reserve" an entire house exclusively for free for a certain range of days and times. (I know what I just said might seem a bit "geeky" and "formal", but as an Aspergian, I love it. (Rather than be that annoying to non-Aspergians, I usually default to renting a Motel room no more than once a month and/or camping relatively far away from human civilization in order to get quality solitude in which to work on projects))). The car backing up on the driveway was just an Amazon delivery van. It probably went further up the hill where two other houses are located along a rather narrow one-lane cement driveway. 

Now I am typing this note on my laptop and backing up various files. I am also updating my primary website. It is approximately 7:47PM now. It is quiet and I am sitting in the upstairs hallway looking at the redwood tree branches blowing in the breeze slightly outside the window of the guest bedroom adjacent to me (and where the Wi-Fi router is located).
